This is a compliment for newcomers,
Where are the newcomers? Sleepy, I wish you the best in speaking,
Tell me clearly, where were you born now?
Not even a little prepared?
The praise of the new man is in his hands,
Is it true that the newcomer is also in the hands of this person?
What do you want me to do? No,
Instead, it’s divided into deputy seats, which is pretty good.
I'm only going to say it once, I want you to let Zhou Anruo abdicate,
Now that you are in Li Jia's history, you should be very ordinary.
After providing, I will order others to you,
If you finish well,
I'll recognize it, there won't be anything,
You want me to ask Zhou Anruo to abdicate,
Do you think I can't do it?
You gave Zhou An a seat
cheating thing
As long as Li Xinran is in hand
also say gas
Even if it is seventy days
He must also find
I want Li Xinran to live
Don't blame me for being obedient
A Lin, I am in the Jade Study Room
I remember all the conversations I had with Zhou Anzuo
At that time, Jade Study Room
Except Zhou Anzuo and Wang Zhi
Just the outer hand position
You are helping me do something for the prince
Sometimes don’t choose you
do it well
I will do what you do well
Naturally you can meet your wife
I can promise you
But I want to meet the appreciation president first
What are you
He is too conditional with me
Then when can I see and appreciate it? I said
Doing things for my identity in vain
Just tell the truth if you are afraid of being recruited.